one more time
one more
and queen Bart of the Hard Rock trolls
I'm here take your string bro we lose
our string we lose our music I'm gonna
unite the six strings and destroy all
music except for one
I can't believe another queen would use
her power for evil these other fools
aren't like us they dance different they
sing different
[Music]
if barb collects all the strings our
music will be destroyed forever we're
gonna need a battle plan and weapons
violence never solves a problem branch
oak how are we gonna hug our way out of
this one I will protect you no matter
what i pinky promise you can't go back
on a penis
Oh pinkie promise
we need to go undercover with
only rock trolls are allowed back yeah
we are genuine hard rock authorities
cool
smooth jazz paralyzed
[Music]